[WHEEZE]
>> You are listening to the
Unwinding After a Busy Day mind
talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
[SERENE MUSIC PLAYING]
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
that you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and let go.
Really enjoy those peaceful
feelings and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you to take
in a very deep breath.
Slowly inhaling, filling
your lower and upper lungs.
And exhaling again, allowing
your lungs to deflate naturally
and slowly.
And once you've done
that, I'd like you
once again to take a deep
breath, filling your lungs.
And when you're ready,
allow that breath
to slowly release as you
exhale, gently and powerfully.
And now you can
allow your breathing
to return to normal, your
normal breathing pace.
Gentle breaths in and out
as you normally would.
And as you relax, you're
aware of your eyes
of how comfortable they
feel, closed and relaxed,
totally at ease.
And I'd like you now to
focus only on my words,
and nothing else bothers
or concerns you at all.
This is your time, and no
one needs or wants anything
from you.
Putting everything
else aside, I'm
going to draw your attention
to various parts of your body.
And as I draw your attention
to that part of your body,
you can allow each part
to relax and to release
each muscle and nerve,
every part of it
as I refer to it in time.
So let's first focus
on your fingers,
and your hands, your
wrists, your forearms,
and your upper arms.
And as you think about
this part of your body,
I'd like you to be aware of
any tension in those muscles
and concentrate on that tension.
And now would you allow those
muscles to relax and release.
Every nerve, every fiber
in your hands, your wrists,
and fingers, arms, allow
that tension to flow away you
know, to drain down,
allowing the muscles to rest
and release,
lengthen and loosen.
Feel your arms become heavier
as they release completely.
I'd like you now to
concentrate your attention
on your feet, your ankles,
your calves, your knees,
and the large muscles
of your thighs.
Aware of any tension
in those muscles.
And as you concentrate
on them, you
can relax every muscle, every
fiber in your legs and feet,
allowing all of attention
to fade away now
as you drift deeper
into relaxation.
Muscles loosening and
lengthening as muscles
relax and release now.
Legs feeling heavy as
you release completely.
Aware now of your chest,
your lower back muscles,
your stomach muscles, your
upper back and upper chest.
Notice how all the muscles
in this part of your body
are now becoming more
and more relaxed.
Loosening and lengthening
as each muscle releases
and tension drains away now.
Now allow your shoulders to
sink into the frame of your body
as you sink in to relaxation.
All the little muscles in
your neck and scalp, aware
of the tension here.
And now you can
release that tension
as every muscle in
this part of your body
becomes more and more relaxed
so that you can feel each
and every muscle in your
body now loose and limp,
and that comfortable
heaviness continues now.
And whilst you're
relaxing in this way,
I'd like you now to
use your imagination
to think about a
beautiful summer's day.
I'd like you to
imagine that you're
floating on a cloud so
peaceful and so quiet.
You feel safe and secure,
and you enjoy the serenity
and peace as you
float and drift,
feeling so comfortable and calm.
You're completely at ease,
and every muscle and nerve
in your entire
body is completely
relaxed as you go deeper and
deeper into relaxation now.
And I wonder if you can
allow yourself to sink deeper
into relaxation now as I
count from one down to three.
And as I reach the
number three, you
can allow yourself to have
drifted much, much deeper
than you've ever been.
So, one, your entire body
completely released now.
Every muscle, every
nerve, and every fiber
relaxed and at ease.
Your entire body, feeling
completely relaxed
and comfortably heavy now.
And two, your head
feeling so heavy now.
And it's a really
pleasant feeling,
and you feel safe,
and secure, and you're
enjoying this state
of deep relaxation
as you fall further and
further into relaxation now.
And you are now deeper than
you've ever been, so deeply
relaxed that every
word I utter to you
will sink into your
subconscious mind
and create some powerful changes
as you sink deeper and deeper.
Mind alert, but body
totally relaxed now.
You know that if you're to stay
in a stressful state of mind
for long periods of time, this
will have some damaging effects
to your mind and body, and
your mental health and physical
health may begin to suffer.
So by listening to
this relaxation,
unwinding mind talk, you're
allowing your mind and body
to get out of this state of
stress, the fight or flight
response, and to reframe
your thinking patterns.
So you're stronger,
calmer, and much more
energized for your day ahead.
So remember, this is
your time to let go,
to help you begin to employ
the power of your subconscious
mind, to allow you to
relieve some of the pressures
and tensions that may have been
building up throughout the day.
You are now consciously
making the choice
to calm yourself down,
to slow your mind down.
Your breathing is
slow right now.
And in turn, that
will be helping
to calm your nerves,
your responses.
So allow yourself to
breathe in calmness
and breathe out tension.
Your day is over, and
you can allow the stress
to float away now.
This is your time to
unwind and totally relax.
And as you relax, I'd like
you to use your imagination
to help create various images
and sounds to flow into you
and to calm you
down even further.
At this moment,
it's as though you
haven't a care in the world.
Nobody needs anything from you.
This is your time.
There's absolutely
nothing at all
for you to do
except relax and let
go and enjoy these wonderful
feelings being generated now.
And I'd like you now
to compare this feeling
of complete relaxation to
the feelings and emotions
that you experienced today,
maybe feelings of being
stressed out, and
anxious, or rushing,
not being able to catch your
breath as you were so busy.
Maybe you feel like
you couldn't keep up
because there was
too much to do,
and frustration and
anxiety crept in.
And you've since found
it difficult to shake
those feelings off.
Staying calm today may
have been very difficult.
Perhaps worries and stresses
appear to be piling up,
pent up, rather like
weights weighing heavily
on your shoulders until the
weights upon your shoulders
became so heavy that you just
couldn't hold your posture
as you normally do.
And even thinking
about those stresses
weighs you down, or
worrying about which
one to deal with first just
made the whole situation worse.
I'd like you now to
use your imagination
to remove those unwanted
weights from your shoulders
as you step outside
to a beautiful garden.
And it's a lovely warm day.
The sun is shining, and the
sky is a perfect shade of blue.
Not a cloud in sight.
So imagine yourself now
in a beautiful setting.
Maybe you're walking
in a colorful garden
or on a white, sandy beach.
And the temperature is
just how you like it.
And the sun is a
beautiful orange
as it shines down on you
and your surroundings.
There's a cool refreshing
breeze across your face.
And each muscle
relaxes as you sink
a little further in your sear
now as you relax even more.
Now the path ahead in your
mind stretches out for miles.
And maybe you feel
safe and secure,
and you allow this
inner adventure
to bring you an incredible
sense of freedom.
Maybe you hear birds around you.
The sky, a clear blue.
And you hear the sounds of
the sea or a trickling lake.
You're safe and secure.
You're on your own with
no pressures on you,
no demands being made on you.
This is your time to
release and relax.
And you smile
easily to yourself.
You take off your shoes and you
feel the ground beneath you.
Maybe you feel the
sand underfoot,
or maybe it's freshly-cut
lush grass beneath your toes.
You take a few steps and
you enjoy the feeling
of grounding as you walk
barefoot, enjoying the solitude
and peace.
You may choose to take a seat.
Or if you prefer,
you may want to keep
walking slowly, taking
in the beautiful setting
and surroundings.
And maybe you dip your toes
into the crystal, clear water,
allowing the water
to gently wash away
any of your remaining
stresses or tensions
because it's entirely
your choice how you
spend these wonderful moments.
You look over to your right,
and there are two very
strong trees.
And if you look carefully,
you see the hammock
that's strung between them.
A few steps lead
up to the hammock,
so you walk over
and climb inside,
making yourself even more
comfortable, even more relaxed
and detached.
And ever so gently,
you're swaying from side
to side, side to side.
Such a comfortable feeling.
So perfect to be here right
now that you want to hold
this feeling to you forever.
And you can, you really can
feel wonderful, and so relaxed,
and comfortable.
You remember those weights
that were on your shoulders,
and you now see them lying
alongside the hammock
next to you on the ground.
You pick them up one at a
time and throw them far away
from yourself.
They leave their
imprint on the ground,
but they're not
part of you anymore.
They no longer define
you, and you're
removing them one by one.
This is your time,
and they have no right
to bother you whilst you're
relaxed and comfortable.
Those stresses have no
right to make you feel
stressed and anxious any more.
You now realize that
there are far better ways
of thinking and feeling, and
stress is not one of them.
You much prefer to feel calm,
relaxed, and comfortable
as you lie in your
hammock gently
swaying from side to side.
And as you do, you immediately
feel so much calmer,
so much more relaxed, and
so much more comfortable.
Now, whenever you take the time
to visit this beautiful place
again, all those feelings of
safety, calm, and relaxation
come flooding back.
And you'll reap the benefits
of this calm state of mind,
allowing your stresses
to simply melt away.
Your shoulders
feeling light as this
is your time to release,
to relax, and to detach.
There's nothing to think about
other than yourself right now,
nothing needing your
attention at all.
And you enjoy the
feeling of relaxation
as it permeates every
fiber of your body
as you go deeper and deeper
appreciating that you have now
allowed your hoping
to switch off
or to reframe the
events of the day.
You're now so relaxed that
you're gaining control
of your thinking patterns.
You're allowing your
mind to overcome
the stressful position you've
had and to unwind completely.
Your body will be gaining
the health benefits
of this relaxed state
of mind, and your mind
is ready to face
the day tomorrow
with a positive, refreshed,
calm, and confident outlook.
And these hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will get more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of
five, you'll be wide
awake fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you all
the wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now with
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.